League of legends is a 5 versus 5 battle arena game, in which the goal is to destroy the enemy base.
One of the best ways to reach that goal is to kill your enemies.

My program is designed to answer a simple question : Given the state of the game, can you kill your enemy ?

We're going to need to replicate some of the mecanics of the game, so let me introduce these first.

Each player chooses a champion at the start of the game. There are over 160 champions to choose from today, 
each with their own set of abilities, passives and role.
All champions have the same set of stats, which can be improved by buying items in the shop.
There are over 100 items, some with just raw stats, some with passive or active abilities.

This really is a lot to consider, so we will just focus on some basic form of damage champions can deal, and the stats that are meaningful to this damage.

I first started by creating a Champion class, with said stats as well as a simple list of dictionnaries.
The goal was to create two instances of champions, both with stats corresponding to the list.

I then implemented a simple combat function, 
that used some league of legends math to calculate the damage being dealt

Once that was done, i needed to scrap some data from the League of Legends developpers 
to create a list of dictionnaries containing all the up to date informations about the champions

To reach that goal, i created a simple program that allowed me to scrap and reformat the data I found on the web,
in this json file

Et voilà ! I now have a json file in a format that my program understands, 
and I can  play as any of league's champions

Despite the complexity of the items system, i still wanted to implement a few basic items, as a proof of concept
This let me figure out how let the player create a list of objects with some constrains, and add the item stats
to the champion's 

There are some obvious topics that this program could be improved upon
but I'm really glad of what I achieved, having started programming just a few weeks back

I would gladly take any feedback about my project, i hope you enjoyed discovering it as much as i enjoyed creating it

Let's now see the program in action !